Edits to Alerts section (#63)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/con_alerts.adoc

[id="alerts_{context}"]
= Alerts

> Alerting with Prometheus is separated into two parts. Alerting rules in Prometheus servers send alerts to an Alertmanager. The Alertmanager manages the alerts, including silencing, inhibition, aggregation, and sending out notifications using email, on-call notification systems, or chat platforms. You can configure alerts to receive notifications, for example, when the load average of a node gets higher than 1.0 or when a disk is almost full.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerting with Prometheus is separated into two parts. First, alerting rules in Prometheus servers send alerts to an Alertmanager. Second, the Alertmanager manages the alerts, including silencing, inhibition, aggregation, and sending out notifications using email, on-call notification systems, or chat platforms. You can configure alerts to receive notifications, for example, when the load average of a node gets higher than 1.0 or when a disk is almost full.
```

To create an alert, complete the following tasks:

. Create an alert rule in Prometheus. For more information, see <<creating-an-alert-rule-in-prometheus_advanced-features>>.
. Create an alert route in Alertmanager. For more information, see <<creating-an-alert-route-in-alertmanager_advanced-features>>.

[discrete]

> == Additional resources

Author: You will notice I am starting to include 2 new sub headings or discrete headings in sections. Procedure and Additional resources. This makes it easier for users to scan the material and quickly find the procedure if they don't need to read the conceptual stuff at the start. You will also notice discrete heading for Prerequisites creeping in.

For more information about alerts or notifications with Prometheus and Alertmanager, see https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/overview/

> To view the set of alerts that you can use with {ProjectShort}, see https://github.com/infrawatch/service-telemetry-operator/blob/mrunge-add-alerts/deploy/alerts/alerts.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view an example set of alerts that you can use with {ProjectShort}, see https://github.com/infrawatch/service-telemetry-operator/tree/master/deploy/alerts
```

Author: Another (different) UI issue accepting this so applying the change manually in next commit.
